Charts: describe custom styles options (#4725)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/utils/viz/registerGradient(type_options).md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Registers a new gradient.

##### return: String

> The fill id.

Reviewer: Since you use these very short descriptions, I would go without any article. 

You can say "Specifies the fill ID for this gradient." But when you only say "Fill ID", then you can go without an article. The article in the sentence tell us that it's "that exact fill id that belongs to THIS gradient". But when you only say one or two words that describe the kind of value - "width", "color", "fill id", I don't think you need articles. 

```suggestion
Fill ID.
```

##### param(type): String

> The gradient type: 'linear' or 'radial'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradient type: 'linear' or 'radial'.
```

##### param(options): Object

> The gradient's settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradient settings.
```

##### field(options.colors): Array<GradientColor>

> The array of gradient colors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array of gradient colors.
```

##### field(options.rotationAngle): Number

> The rotation angle for linear gradients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linear gradient rotation angle. 
```

---

> Implement this method to register a gradient id. Then, use the id in the component color.[fillId](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common_Types/charts/ChartsColor/#fillId) field.

Reviewer: Implement seems like the wrong word choice. They need to call the method, not implement it on their own. 

"Use in ... field" - I'd rather use a more direct verb "assign to ... field". Also, since we don't know which component we're talking about (could be any component), I would use indefinite article. 

```suggestion
Call this method to register a gradient ID. Assign the ID to a component's color.[fillId](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common_Types/charts/ChartsColor/#fillId) field.
```

        import { registerGradient } from 'devextreme/common/charts';

        // ...

        const seriesColor = {
            base: '#f5564a',
            fillId: registerGradient("linear", {
                colors: [{
                    offset: "20%",
                    color: "#97c95c"
                }, {
                    offset: "90%",
                    color: "#eb3573"
                }]
            })
        };
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import Chart, { CommonSeriesSettings } from 'devextreme-react/chart';
    import { registerGradient } from 'devextreme/common/charts';

    const seriesColor = {
        base: "#f5564a",
        fillId: registerGradient("linear", {
            colors: [{
                offset: "20%",
                color: "#97c95c"
            }, {
                offset: "90%",
                color: "#eb3573"
            }]
        })
    };

    export default function App() {
        return (
            <Chart ... >
                <CommonSeriesSettings 
                    color={seriesColor}
                />
            </Chart>
        );
    }

---

[note]

> - To correctly export a component with transparent gradient, specify gradient colors in the RGBA format.

Reviewer: We don't use articles with mass nouns like "format". 

```suggestion
- To correctly export a component with transparent gradient, specify gradient colors in RGBA format.
```
